hey what's going on everybody yourself
soldier here coming to you with an
unboxing video finally doing another
unboxing video this is my package from
airsoft GI that I ordered on December
first they must be really backed up with
deliveries but I got it today maybe five
minutes ago so let's go ahead and open
up this bad boy thing there's only two
pounds I don't damage anything in here
alright alright let me guess open let's
go ahead and open all the way up oh how
much a brown paper okay and look what we
got here alright invoice airsoft GI
t-shirt pretty cool stuff man awesome
airsoft GI cool all right what we have
here is a GMP hop up bucking need that
for the kwa hope it works pretty well a
Bravo front sight it's a nice little
flip upside so I'm really excited to put
that on the the kwa and the piece de
resistance a Daniel Defense Omega rail
system this is the 9 inch version very
excited to put this on the kid every way
I really hope it fits I'm sure it will
so pretty excited about that so that is
the key item in the unboxing video I
hope you all enjoyed the video and I'm
gonna go ahead and put all this stuff on
all right well I guess I'll go ahead and
open this up for you guys why not it's
another box so
why not oh-ho-ho man this thing looks
sexy oh yes there it is all nice and
tucked away nice bubble wrap their the
screws this is awesome man see if I can
do this with one hand to keep this up
it's kind of hard to anything oh yes
holy cow man this thing is light I can't
believe that's a rail man that is light
holy cow well thank God for daniel
defense right man i can't wait to put
this on well okay there you have it I
did that unboxing for you and I don't
think I'm gonna do the others I mean you
guys have seen these out before I mean
I'm not going to take my package so uh
yeah there we go hope you